# Changelog
All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

**Unreleased** section is about things that are been worked on or are just plans. They may or may 
not become part of a release, but they probably will.

**Initial Alpha Releases** section is about pre-releases. All releases listed here are not really 
official releases, but they will have a package that can be downloaded to be used at your own risk. 
They are not expected to be stable and breaking changes can happen from one alpha release to another. 
All the initial alpha releases will have the major version 0 (0.x.x) despite any breaking changes.
After the first official release, this section will be deprecated and the semantic versioning will be
stabilized.

The changelog format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]

### Added

- Added support to five more events on the public api of the `uc-zoom_view` component totalizing 
seven events (`ucZoomOnChange`, `lensPosition`, `ready`, `zoomStarted`, `zoomEnded`,
`imageSrcChanged`, `resizeLensDimensions`)

## [Initial Alpha Releases]

### [0.4.2] - 2021-08-24

#### Fixed

- Removed missing debug console log

### [0.4.1] - 2021-08-24

#### Fixed

- Fixed a bug with calculation of lens dimensions proportions when the configured proportion
  was set as 'inferred' (the default value) leading to a zero size lens.

### [0.4.0] - 2021-08-23

#### Added

- New properties (read only) exposed on the public api: `container`, `image`, `zoomLens`,
  `zoomView`
- A new functionality to adjust the size of the lens according to the resizing of the image
  on screen
- A new set of properties `lensOptions` in config of the `uc-zoom-view` component to allow
  the dev to customize the lens resizing behavior (`automaticResize`,
  `sizeProportion`, `baseProportionType`)
- Auto adjust of the zoom view position on image resize

#### Changed

- Refactoring on component `uc-zoom-view` for a cleaner public api
- Property `exposedAs` from component `uc-zoom-view` changed from `ucNgZoomView` to `ucZoomView`

### [0.3.0] - 2021-08-17

#### Added

- A new configuration property `viewPosition` to the `uc-zoom-view` component to choose the
  position of the view between 4 options: *top*, *right (default)*, *left*, *bottom*.
- A new configuration property `viewDistance` to the `uc-zoom-view` component to choose the
  distance between the image element and the zoom view.
- Added a z-index to the zoom view css class in the default css template to allow it to
  always be on top.
- Support to change detect changes on the src of the image on the `uc-zoom-view` component.
- A new two-way binding input property `ucZoomOn` on the `uc-zoom-view` to turn
  the zoom functionality on or off at runtime.

#### Removed

- Removed the margin left from the zoom view div css class in the default css template
  in favor of the new `viewDistance` property.

### [0.2.0] - 2021-08-13

#### Added

- Unit tests
- Customizable options to component `uc-zoom-view` by setting the property `uc-zoom-view-config`
- A configuration to use customized css class names in the component `uc-zoom-view` allowing to use
  differently styled instances of the component in the same page at the same time
- A new input property `uc-z-view` added to the component `uc-zoom-view` to allow
  to use a host div as an external zoom view instead of the default one generated by
  the component
- A configuration property `resetExtViewOnMouseLeave` to turn on or off the reset of
  zoom info from the external zoom view `uc-z-view` when configured

#### Fixed

- Zoom result background not initialized when image is not fully loaded
- Unwrap the image and unregister the listeners on ngDestroy to avoid memory leaks

#### Changed

- uc-zoom component renamed to uc-zoom-view to be more descriptive and allow the creation of a
  future, and more specialized, new uc-zoom component.
- Removed id from native elements created by the component.
- Changed the prefix from the class name ucZoomViewComponent to UcZoomViewComponent

### [0.0.1] - 2021-08-03

- The starting bootstrap point of the project


[Unreleased]: https://github.com/fabio-blanco/ngx-uc/compare/v0.4.2...HEAD
[Initial Alpha Releases]: https://github.com/fabio-blanco/ngx-uc/compare/0.0.1...HEAD
[0.4.2]: https://github.com/fabio-blanco/ngx-uc/compare/v0.4.1...v0.4.2
[0.4.1]: https://github.com/fabio-blanco/ngx-uc/compare/v0.4.0...v0.4.1
[0.4.0]: https://github.com/fabio-blanco/ngx-uc/compare/v0.3.0...v0.4.0
[0.3.0]: https://github.com/fabio-blanco/ngx-uc/compare/v0.2.0...v0.3.0
[0.2.0]: https://github.com/fabio-blanco/ngx-uc/compare/0.0.1...v0.2.0
[0.0.1]: https://github.com/fabio-blanco/ngx-uc/releases/tag/0.0.1
